* IT'S A RARE CONDITION *
* IN THIS DAY AND AGE *
* TO READ ANY GOOD NEWS
ON THE NEWSPAPER PAGE *
* AND LOVE AND TRADITION
OF THE GRAND DESIGN *
* SOME PEOPLE SAY
IS EVEN HARDER TO FIND *
* WELL, THEN, THERE MUST BE
SOME MAGIC CLUE *
* INSIDE THESE GENTLE WALLS *
* 'CAUSE ALL I SEE
IS A TOWER OF DREAMS *
* REAL LOVE BURSTIN'
OUT OF EVERY SEAM *
* AS DAYS GO BY *
* WE'RE GONNA FILL
OUR HOUSE WITH HAPPINESS *
* THE MOON MAY CRY *
* WE'RE GONNA SMOTHER
THE BLUES WITH TENDERNESS *
* AS DAYS GO BY *
* THERE'S ROOM FOR YOU,
ROOM FOR ME *
* FOR GENTLE HEARTS
AN OPPORTUNITY *
* AS DAYS GO BY *
* IT'S THE BIGGER LOVE
OF THE FAMILY *
LATER, RACHEL.
HITTING THE COURTS
AGAIN?
I'M PLAYING
ALICE GRAYSON.
I WHIP HER BUTT
EVERY TIME.
BUT SHE'S
HALF YOUR AGE.
POOR THING CAN'T
GO TO THE NET.
LATER, HONEY.
HAVE FUN.
GIVE ME
ONE OF THOSE.
ONE?
WHEW!
THESE GROCERY BAGS...
ARE HEAVY.
THANK GOODNESS
I'M IN SUCH...GREAT...SHAPE.
LOOK AT THIS.
EIGHT BAGS
OF GROCERIES, $180.
YEAH. CAN YOU BELIEVE
THE FUSS THEY MADE
WHEN I PAID
WITH A CHECK?
CARL, YOU TOLD THEM NOT
TO CASH IT UNTIL NOVEMBER.
OH, CARL,
WE NEED
TO CALL A PLUMBER.
WHY?
LITTLE RICHIE
WAS CURIOUS TO SEE
IF YOUR NEW SLIPPERS
WOULD FLOAT IN THE TOILET.
THEY DON'T.
DON'T WE HAVE ENOUGH
EXPENSES AROUND HERE
WITHOUT THE KIDS
SABOTAGING THE PLACE?
CARL, THERE ARE EIGHT PEOPLE
LIVING IN THIS HOUSE.
IT'S BOUND
TO GET EXPENSIVE.
IF THINGS GET TIGHT,
WE'LL BOTH
WORK OVERTIME.
LISTEN, YOU TWO,
I FEEL LIKE
A FREELOADER.
RACHEL, DON'T BE SILLY.
WELL...
I APPRECIATE
THE WAY YOU TWO
HAVE SUPPORTED MY
ATTEMPTS TO BE A WRITER,
BUT MY CAREER'S
GOING NOWHERE FAST.
I'D LIKE TO CONTRIBUTE
TO THE FAMILY BUDGET.
IT'S NOT NECESSARY,
RIGHT, CARL?
LET'S HEAR HER OUT,
HARRIETTE.
LOOK AT
THESE NEWSPAPERS.
I'VE CHECKED
ALL THE WANT ADS,
BUT THESE JOBS
SOUND SO LOUSY.
LISTEN.
"LAKESHORE ZOO SEEKS EXECUTIVE
VETERINARY ASSISTANT.
SIMIAN SANITATION."
WELL, THAT SOUNDS GOOD.
WHAT DO YOU DO?
YOU SCOOP MONKEY POOP.
WHAT'S THE PAY?
LISTEN RACHEL.
IF YOU GOT
TO FIND A JOB,
FIND SOMETHING
CHALLENGING.
HEY. HERE'S
SOMETHING CHALLENGING.
"SHY GUY SEEKS HOT BABE
WHO SHARES LOVE
FOR PIE TOPPINGS."
HEE HEE HEE.
RACHEL, DON'T FEEL
THAT YOU HAVE TO TAKE
THE FIRST JOB
THAT COMES ALONG.
TAKE YOUR TIME, OKAY?
DON'T WORRY.
IT'S ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE
TO FIND A JOB
THESE DAYS.
GUESS WHAT.
I JUST GOT A JOB.
I'M A WAITRESS
AT LEROY'S.
I GET MINIMUM WAGE,
PLUS TIPS.
WE'RE TALKING NEW CLOTHES,
CONCERT TICKETS,
* I WANT MONEY *
* LOTS AND LOTS
OF MONEY *
* I WANT A PIE
IN THE SKY *
WHOA.
* I WANT TO BE RICH *
WHOA!
WHAT?
YOU'RE TOO YOUNG
TO HAVE A JOB.
NO, I'M NOT.
YOU HAVE SCHOOLWORK
AND CHORES HERE.
LET ME WORK
FOR ONE MONTH.
IF MY GRADES SLIP
OR I DON'T WORK HERE,
I'LL QUIT.
ONE MONTH.
WILL YOU SIGN
MY WORK PERMIT?
WHY DO YOU NEED THAT?
I'M TOO YOUNG
TO HAVE A JOB.
ARE THERE ANY MORE
OPENINGS AT LEROY'S?
NOPE. I GOT
THE LAST ONE.
YOU?
YOU'RE WORKING
AT LEROY'S?
I KNEW YOU'D BE
THRILLED, SUGAR KNEES.
I SAW YOU ASK LEROY
FOR A JOB,
SO I ASKED, TOO.
GO HOME, STEVE.
WAIT A MINUTE.
A PECK
NEAR THE LIP AREA
WOULD SPEED ME
ON MY WAY.
SO WOULD A LEFT HOOK.
OOH. I LOVE IT
WHEN SHE GETS PHYSICAL.
BOY. LAURA'S GOT A JOB,
EVEN STEVE URKEL'S
GOT ONE.
I SHOULD BE ABLE
TO FIND SOMETHING.
WELL, IF
YOU'RE INTERESTED,
MY UNCLE CECIL URKEL
IS LOOKING FOR SOMEBODY.
REALLY?
WHAT JOB IS IT?
I'M NOT SURE.
IT'S GOT SOMETHING
TO DO WITH PIE TOPPINGS.
[DANCE MUSIC PLAYS]
HEY, JOLENE,
WHO DO YOU THINK IS
BETTER-LOOKING, ME OR TYRONE?
WELL, RIGHT NOW, EDDIE,
I'D HAVE TO SAY TYRONE.
WHY?
'CAUSE YOU DON'T
LOOK REAL HUNKY
WITH MUSTARD
ON YOUR NOSE.
LAURA, YOU'VE
TABLE SIX TO CHECK.
BUT THEY'RE NOT
DONE EATING.
HUH, IF I WAITED FOR PEOPLE
TO FINISH EATIN' MY FOOD...
I'D NEVER MAKE A DIME.
PSST.
HEY! HEY! SHE LOOKS LIKE
A GREAT WAITRESS!
I HOPE WE GET HER!
WHAT ARE YOU GUYS
DOING HERE?
WE WANTED TO GIVE
OUR SUPPORT.
AND THROW YOU
SOME BUSINESS.
AND AFTER THAT,
WE'LL ROCK TILL WE DROP.
MOM!
WAITRESS, WE NEED MENUS.
SORRY, THIS IS
NOT MY STATION.
STEVE, TABLE 10.
HI.
OH.
OH, I'LL BE
WITH YOU
IN TWO SHAKES OF
A LAMB'S TAIL, OKAY?
HERE'S YOUR FOOD.
WE'RE OUT
OF FRIES NOW,
BUT I'LL TRY
AND SCRAPE SOME UP.
HI, EVERYBODY.
WELCOME TO LEROY'S.
MENU. MENU. MENU.
MENU. MENU.
JUST BRING
BURGERS AND FRIES.
THANK YOU. THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
WOULD YOU GUYS LIKE THOSE
BURGERS WITH CHEESE?
PLEASE. PLEASE.
OH, YOU GUYS.
STEVE!
OH.
ALLOW ME,
MY LITTLE MILK SHAKE.
NO, I'LL HANDLE IT.
HANDS AS LOVELY
AS YOURS
SHOULD NEVER BE
BESMIRCHED BY GREASE.
OH, HERE.
OH, NO!
HERE, LET ME.
I GOT IT.
OH, NO, I INSIST.
AAH!
OH, NO!
NO!
DID I DO THAT?
OKAY, YOU TWO, PAYDAY.
YES!
YOU'RE DOING A GOOD JOB.
THANKS, SIR.
A BILL?
THAT'S WHAT YOU OWE ME
FOR BROKEN DISHES.
PERHAPS IF YOU POPPED
FOR BETTER CHINA.
I SHOULD FIRE YOU.
I'M IN A GOOD MOOD,
SO I'LL CUT YOU
SOME SLACK.
THANK YOU.
I LOVE SLACK.
I'M GOING TO MAKE
A BANK DEPOSIT.
TAKE YOUR TIME.
WHY DON'T YOU STOP
AND TREAT YOURSELF
TO A DECENT MEAL?
OHH...
YOU KNOW, THE LIFE OF
A RESTAURATEUR
APPEALS TO
THIS PARTICULAR JOE.
I'VE MASTERED WAITERING.
I'M A CRACKERJACK
CASHIER,
AND DURING PEAK HOURS,
A DARN GOOD HOSTESS.
YUP, I THINK IT'S TIME
I BECAME A CHEF.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
TO TURN ON THE GRILL.
I'LL FRY YOU UP
A STEVE-O SUPREMO.
URKEL, YOU SHOULDN'T
DO ANY COOKING.
DON'T FRET, MY PET.
WHAT COULD GO WRONG?
DID I DO THAT?
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
LEROY'S IS ON FIRE.
LAURA.
LAURA!
LAURA. OH, MY BABY.
ARE YOU OKAY?
I'M FINE, MA.
LAURA!
DAD!
OH, SWEETHEART.
I WAS SO WORRIED.
ARE YOU ALRIGHT?
FINE, DAD.
OH, SWEETHEART.
OOH.
I'VE BEEN LOOKING
FOR YOU TWO.
NOW JUST HOW DID
THIS FIRE START?
IT WAS AN ACCIDENT,
YOUR HONOR.
I'M NOT THE JUDGE.
I'M THE FIRE INSPECTOR.
I KNOW. I WAS JUST
PRACTICING.
HERE'S WHAT HAPPENED.
SOME GREASE FLARED UP
ON THE GRILL.
STILL WE COULD'VE
HANDLED IT.
BUT THEN HE
THREW WATER ON IT.
OH! NO, NO, NO. YOU NEVER EVER
THROW WATER ON A GREASE FIRE.
THANKS. I'LL KNOW
FOR THE NEXT TIME.
LEROY.
HOW YOU HOLDING UP?
I'VE HAD BETTER DAYS.
YOU!
AAH!
LEROY, NO, NO! CALM DOWN!
TAKE IT EASY!
YOU CAN REBUILD
THE PLACE BETTER THAN EVER.
I'M TOO OLD
TO START OVER.
I'M RETIRING
TO FORT LAUDERDALE,
GET ME
A LITTLE CO-OP.
YOU DON'T
MEAN THAT, LEROY.
I'M TAKING
MY INSURANCE MONEY,
MAYBE EVEN MY WIFE.
I HAVE FLIPPED
MY LAST BURGER.
NOW THE ONLY BUNS
I WANT TO SEE
ARE ON THE BEACH.
BOY, HE GOT UP ON
THE WRONG SIDE OF THE BED.
DOES EVERYBODY
HAVE NAME TAGS?
STEVE, CARL AND I
KNOW EACH OTHER.
JUST GOING BY THE BOOK.
WELCOME, EVERYBODY.
THIS IS AN INFORMAL MEETING.
FEEL FREE TO ASK
ANY QUESTIONS AT ANY TIME.
YES?
WHY ARE WE HERE?
GOOD QUESTION...
CARL.
HEE HEE HEE.
[SNORT SNORT]
AND I'LL ANSWER IT.
YOU SEE, UM...
WHEN STEVE
BURNED DOWN LEROY'S,
IT CAUSED
LOTS OF PROBLEMS.
THE NEIGHBORHOOD KIDS
LOST THEIR HANGOUT,
STEVE AND LAURA
LOST THEIR JOBS,
AND POOR LEROY
LOST HIS MIND.
AT THE SAME TIME,
I WAS LOOKING FOR A JOB
AND GETTING
ABSOLUTELY NOWHERE.
THAT'S WHEN I DUG
INTO THE OLD GRAY MATTER
AND YANKED OUT AN IDEA THAT
REEKED OF SHEER GENIUS.
STEVE SUGGESTED
THAT I BUY LEROY'S,
REBUILD IT, AND RUN IT
AS MY OWN BUSINESS.
WHOA!
IT'S THE ANSWER
TO EVERYONE'S PROBLEMS.
BUT WHERE WILL YOU GET MONEY
TO BUY A RESTAURANT?
WELL, FROM THE BANK
AND MY...
BRAND-NEW PARTNERS.
I THINK SHE MEANS US...
CARL.
THE BANK
WILL FINANCE US
IF WE CAN COME UP WITH
A 20% DOWN PAYMENT.
I'LL USE THE INSURANCE MONEY
MY HUSBAND LEFT ME.
ALL I NEED FROM YOU
IS A CHECK FOR...
WHOA.
I KNOW I CAN
MAKE IT WORK.
I REALLY BELIEVE THAT
WITH ALL MY HEART.
RACHEL, WE'VE PLENTY OF
CONFIDENCE IN YOU BUT...
AREN'T RESTAURANTS
A RISKY INVESTMENT?
STEVE?
GOOD QUESTION.
THE FOLLOWING
VISUAL AID
WILL CLEAR UP ANY
AND ALL DOUBTS YOU HAVE.
[IMITATES
TRUMPET FANFARE]
OH, JUST
PULL OFF THE SHEET!
I GIVE YOU
RACHEL'S PLACE.
CARL,
IT'S BEAUTIFUL.
I SOUGHT THE ADVICE OF
THE WORLD'S BEST CPA,
MY OWN UNCLE
HIRAM ROSS URKEL.
ACCORDING TO
H. AND R. URKEL...
RACHEL'S PLACE
SHOULD TURN A PROFIT
IN LESS THAN ONE YEAR.
HOW DOES HE KNOW?
IT'S AN INVERSE CURVE.
RISING NEIGHBORHOOD
POPULATION GROWTH
VERSUS DECLINING FRANCHISES
THAT SERVE MEAT.
OH.
WE'LL LET YOU DISCUSS
THE PROPOSITION.
IF YOU DECIDE
TO INVEST, GREAT.
IF YOU DECIDE NOT TO,
BELIEVE ME, IT'S OKAY.
I UNDERSTAND.
WELL, HONEY,
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
IT'S AN INTERESTING
PROPOSAL.
I BELIEVE RACHEL
COULD HANDLE IT.
IT'S OBVIOUS SHE REALLY
WANTS TO DO THIS.
BUT I FEEL
UNCOMFORTABLE
ABOUT ASKING YOU TO PUT UP
SO MUCH FOR MY SISTER.
YOU WORKED HARD
FOR THAT MONEY.
NO, NO, NO.
WE WORKED HARD
FOR THAT MONEY.
SWEETHEART,
RACHEL IS FAMILY,
NOT JUST YOUR FAMILY,
BUT OUR FAMILY.
BUT LIKE YOU SAID, A RESTAURANT
IS A RISKY BUSINESS.
YEAH, IT'S A GAMBLE,
BUT OUR ODDS
ARE A LOT BETTER
IF WE BET ON
SOMEBODY WE LOVE.
SO YOU WANT TO DO IT?
ABSOLUTELY.
OH, CARL.
I JUST WISH WE COULD.
WHAT?
WELL, HONEY,
RACHEL NEEDS JUST A LITTLE BIT
MORE MONEY THAN WE HAVE.
OH?
YOU SEE...
THE THING IS,
A COUPLE
OF MONTHS AGO,
LIEUTENANT MURTAGH...
HE GAVE ME A GOOD TIP
ON A SWEET LITTLE STOCK,
SO...I INVESTED.
HOW MUCH, CARL?
5 GRAND.
CARL! WELL, CAN'T YOU
SELL THE STOCK
AND GET THE MONEY BACK?
THE STOCK HAS GONE DOWN.
WE'D ONLY HAVE ENOUGH
MONEY TO GO BOWLING.
ONE OF US, ANYWAY.
CARL, WE'LL DISCUSS
THIS LATER.
BUT IN THE MEANTIME,
YOU BETTER PRAY THAT STOCK
GOES BACK UP.
RACHEL!
DID I KEEP YOU WAITING?
RACHEL, UH...
WE TALKED IT OVER, AND WE
DECIDED WE WANT TO HELP.
OHH! OH, YES!
OH, THANK YOU SO MUCH.
BUT--BUT...
WE'RE A FEW THOUSAND SHORT
OF WHAT YOU NEED.
OH.
I'M SO SORRY, RACHEL.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
IT JUST WASN'T
MEANT TO BE.
HOW DARE YOU PEOPLE
HAVE AN INVESTORS' MEETING
WITHOUT ME?
MAMA--
IF NOT FOR STEVE,
I'D STILL BE OUT BACK
SHOOTING HOOPS.
HERE.
MOTHER WINSLOW,
THIS IS A BLANK CHECK.
YOU'RE PRETTY SWIFT.
WE NEED $5,000.
WRITE IN A NUMBER.
WHATEVER YOU NEED.
YOU HAVE THE MONEY?
IS A FROG'S BUTT
WATERTIGHT?
WRITE IT.
OH, MOTHER WINSLOW,
THANK YOU SO MUCH!
IN A FEW MOMENTS,
WE'LL UNLOCK THAT DOOR
AND MAKE HISTORY,
NOT TO MENTION
A WHOLE LOT OF MONEY.
A TOAST.
TO RACHEL'S PLACE
AND ITS BEAUTIFUL OWNER.
THANK YOU.
HEAR, HEAR!
WAIT, WAIT. ONE MORE.
LET'S DRINK
TO THE PERSON
WHO REALLY
MADE THIS POSSIBLE--
OUR JUNIOR PARTNER
ESTELLE WINSLOW.
HEAR, HEAR!
COME ON, LET'S DANCE.
I CAN'T WAIT TO GET DOWN
WITH MY BAD SELF.
I WANT TO THANK
THIS YOUNG MAN
WHO HOLDS A SPECIAL
PLACE IN MY HEART.
WE WOULDN'T
BE HERE TODAY
IF HE HADN'T BURNT
THIS PLACE DOWN.
TO STEVE URKEL.
YEAH, STEVE.
AH, THANKS, EVERYBODY.
AND WE'LL
ALL HAVE BURGERS.
I'LL JUST
FIRE UP THE GRILL.
ISN'T THAT CUTE?
FIRE UP THE GRILL?
DON'T TOUCH THAT GRILL!